amid the war on Gaza staying connected
has been one of the major challenges
electricity Cuts along with damaged
Communications infrastructure has meant
Palestinians are cut off from each
other the internet problem can be
classified into three levels the first
level is that it is a violation of my
rights I have the right to know the news
to communicate with my family the second
level is that it disrupts our work and
hinders Us in sending our messages to
clarify the suffering of the Palestinian
people the third level is that it
separates you from the world and
prevents you from checking on your
family there's a desperate attempt to
find any kind of connection to use
messaging apps to communicate with
family inside Gaza and abroad in some
places communication hubs have been set
up but resources are limited solar
panels are used to power laptops and
phones for journalists reporting on the
war the lack of Internet and phone
connections makes their job even more
hazardous
sometimes we go to vulnerable places
just to find internet sometimes we go to
the Sea and other times we go to
hospitals to ensure that our mobile
devices are connected to the internet
getting news out to the world after
Israeli attacks can take
time the problem is massive particularly
in the eastern part of Gaza where we
can't contact each other we can send
short notices to our social media groups
one or 2 hours after an incident
occurred
so that it could then be spread on
social media only if we manag to get
connected to the
internet Palestinians say that
infrastructure and communication workers
have been targeted by the Israelis but
despite the challenges they continue to
try and keep Gaza connected to the
outside world so that Palestinian voices
and what they are witnessing can be seen
and heard Assad bag Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler